Document the differences between time_bucket() and time_bucket_ng() (#354)
timescale/docs: api/time_bucket_ng.md

do not use any experimental features in production.
</highlight>

> Currently there are two main differences between `time_bucket()` and
> `time_bucket_ng()` which make them not 100% compatible:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `time_bucket()` and `time_bucket_ng()` functions differ 
slightly, which means they are not completely compatible.
```

> 1. `time_bucket_ng()` doesn't work with timestamps prior to `origin`, while
> `time_bucket()` does. The reasons why `time_bucket_ng()` has this limitation
> are explained below;
> 2. The default `origin` values differ. `time_bucket()` uses 3 Jan 2000, because
> it's Monday and it works better with weekly buckets. `time_bucket_ng()` uses
> 1 Jan 2000 as a first day of the month and the year, to make the function
> work with monthly/annual aggregates by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`time_bucket_ng()` doesn't work with timestamps prior to `origin`, while
`time_bucket()` does. This limitation is because the default `origin` values differ.
`time_bucket()` uses an origin date of 3 Jan 2000, because that date is a Monday,
which works better with weekly buckets. `time_bucket_ng()` uses an origin date of
1 Jan 2000, because it is the first day of the month and the year, which works better
with monthly or annual aggregates.
```

Reviewer: This whole section should possibly also be wrapped in a `<highlight type="warning">`

do not use any experimental features in production.
</highlight>

Functionality | time_bucket() | time_bucket_ng()
--------------|---------------|-----------------
Buckets by seconds, minutes, hours, days and weeks | YES | YES
Buckets by months and years | NO | YES
Buckets by timezones | NO | (Coming soon)

<highlight type="warning">
The `time_bucket()` and `time_bucket_ng()` functions are similar, but not
completely compatible. There are two main differences.

Firstly, `time_bucket_ng()` doesn't work with timestamps prior to `origin`,

> while `time_bucket()` does. The reasons of named limitations are explained 
> further in this article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
while `time_bucket()` does.
```

(3 rows)
```

> Currently there are two main differences between `time_bucket()` and

Author: For the record, we during the team call we agreed to fix this in a separate PR.

> Currently there are two main differences between `time_bucket()` and

Author: I like the idea of adding a comparison table in THIS pull request though
